We've agreed that we'll have a weekly meeting, every Thursday at 09:00. Not all the members have to be present. If we expect everybody to be there, scheduling can get really challenging, and this won't get easier with time, it will only get more difficult as we grow. Also, is important to keep doing it continuously so into becomes part of our routine.

This time will be mainly used to:
- Go through the issues and convert them into PRs.
- Close open PRs.
- Discuss something about our projects.

# 22-12-16
- Created this document ðŸ˜‚.
- We assigned a bunch of issues that will be worked on during the week (#74, #67, #25, #24, #21, #15, #14).
