# B&B 1st iOS Workshop

## Monday 1st August 2016

We'll be working together for four days to streamline the iOS team and make sure we're all on the same page.

The goal is to optimize the way we work together by:
- Making guidelines on how we write code so that we can share and reuse it.
- Building a simple app together so we cover all the points of architecture and process. It'll be a photo app to demo our open source libraries.
- Discussing and tackling common problems in code and process.

#### Discussing personal points:
- Discussing common problems in code, and tackle them either in the Unsplash app or in a separate session.
- Discussing common problems in the work process so we know each others pitfalls and strengths!
- Discussing toolchain and process. How can we all benefit from better, smarter, faster tools. Ideally, we all learn a bit about the tools some of us use that the others don't.

#### Discussing general things in the B&B process:
- Discussing and making guidelines for how and what to contribute to open source.
- Discussing how we handle clients.
- Revise the iOS playbook so we're all on the same page.
- Discuss how things have been done so far.
- Discuss the future.
- Discuss improving our testing procedures.

#### Create a small app to showcase our open source libraries based on the open [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) API, where we'll pay extra attention to:
- Define (and redefine) standards in architecture.
- Revisit iOS tests.
- Look at how we can make away with the boilerplate from UICollectionView and UITableView.
- Look at AutoLayout + UIStackView.

#### Have fun together!
- Go to dinner on Friday 🎉.
- Make __at least__ one joke per person once a day.
- Create a secret handshake for the iOS team.

